Human Activity Recognition Using Smartphones
========================================================

### Introduction

This repository is hosting the `R` code for the assignment of the DataScience track's "Getting and Cleaning Data" course.

We will use the data sets generated by smartphones in an experiment and summarise the data by subject and by activity for all measurements that are related to the mean and standard deviation.

The purpose of this project is to demonstrate the collection, work with, and cleaning of this data set. Tidy data have been prepared so can be used for later analysis.  All other measurements are ignored for the purpose of this specific data analysis.

### Data Set

The data set ***"Human Activity Recognition Using Smartphones"*** has been taken from UCI Website  (http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Human+Activity+Recognition+Using+Smartphones).

### Codebook

The `CodeBook.md` describes the variables, the data, and the work that has been performed to clean up the data.

### Execution and files

The `run_analysis.R` is the script that has been used for this work. It can be loaded in R/Rstudio and executed without any parameters. Running `run_analysis.R` file performs a number of operations:

* Downloads and extracts data from UCI Website
* Merges the training and the test sets to create one data set.
* Extracts only the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement.
* Adds descriptive activity names to name the activities in the data set
* Adds descriptive variable names to the data set
* The result of the execution is that a `tidy.csv` file is being created, that stores the data (mean and standard deviation of each measurement per activity&subject) for later analysis.








